One minute to go.
Well then, Ms. Utahime Iori,
please give us a touching
and encouraging speech.
What?
Well…
Although injuries are inevitable…
Just help each other from time to time.
Something like that?
Time's up.
Gojo, you…
With that,
the Sister-School Goodwill Event…
begins!
Show some respect to your seniors!
Was that Ichiro?
Idiot.
Where's Todo?
Why do you assume I would know?
Let's get along well.
Where could the Cursed Spirits' boss be?
I think it will be placed
in the middle of both teams.
But it probably won't stay still.
When the time comes,
divide into Panda team and Megumi team
since they are good at finding enemies.
We'll leave the rest to you, Yuji.
Got it!
Where are you going?
That's a small fry.
Stop, Maki!
All right! Seems like everyone's here.
Come at me together!
Split up!
Todo's alone.
It was the right choice to change to Yuji.
I already knew this, but he's a monster.
Yes. So ignore them.
BEFORE THE TEAM BATTLE
Todo will definitely rush to defeat us.
Mai might also follow him
to come after me.
Todo is a monster.
In the worst-case scenario,
everyone will be wiped out.
Originally, I planned to leave Panda
or Megumi to hold him. But now…
Itadori, this task will be yours.
What?
I don't want to remove people
who can find the enemy.
You don't have to beat him.
Just hold him back for a while.
But you need to be bold.
To put it bluntly, you're unexpected help,
so it won't affect us
if you have to retire.
That's too much!
I'm sorry, Megumi.
You wanted to fight Todo, didn't you?
No, I don't mind it.
You're so calm.
But, Panda, since I'm fighting him…
-What?
I'll win.
Your speed is quite good.
Are you serious?
I hit pretty hard just now.
Payback time, first-year student.
Try your best to defend!
My hand's still intact, right?
I thought it flew off.
If the Cursed Spirit wasn't there,
I would've been in big trouble.
Over already?
All right. Who's next?
Are you serious?
You keep punching my head.
What if I become dumber?
Don't worry.
Takada said,
"It's better for a boy to be stupid."
Who's that?
I'm not interested in idols.
Then why do you know she's an idol?
You know her, don't you?
What's your name, first-year?
Yuji Itadori.
I see. Yuji Itadori.
I have a question for you.
What type of woman do you like?
What?
What type of woman?
Why are you asking this now?
Don't mind me.
It's just my way of evaluating people.
I don't understand,
but if I had to choose…
A girl with big head
and big butt, perhaps?
Someone like Jennifer Lawrence.
What?
SHOUNEN WEEKLY MAGAZINE
The new series is quite interesting.
Really?
-What?
I'm going to confess to Takada.
What? Don't do that!
I don't want to comfort you.
It's troublesome.
Why are you sure that I would get dumped?
On the other hand,
why do you think she would agree?
Anne Sullivan once said this
to Helen Keller.
"How can a fool think about losing
before he does it?"
That's what Inoki said.
I'm sorry.
I already have someone I like.
Is it possible
that I'm that someone she likes?
How could it be possible?
Come on. Let's go.
I'll buy you ramen.
"At home, we are invincible…"
Looks like we're best friends.
Even though you just asked for my name?
Just go straight.
But Todo is there.
It's okay. He's the one who said
we can do as we please.
New Shadow Style, Simple Domain!
Batto Sword Drawing!
His response is quick!
Although I hesitated,
my attack didn't scratch him at all!
I'm surrounded.
What? These guys…
Aren't they…
trying to kill me?
This technique…
What?
I swapped positions with Itadori!
Hey.
I told you, didn't I?
I'll kill you if you get in my way.
No.
You said, "I'll kill you if you order me."
Was that Itadori?
No, was that Todo's cursed technique?
It's all the same. Leave!
Retreating?
Lame.
I'm so glad!
You must kill him.
That depends on Itadori.
Don't order me around.
What's wrong with these guys?
They want to kill me,
yet they're infighting.
After all,
I'm not the kind of tasteless man
who shows mercy to his best friend!
Oh, man.
That's why I said stay out of it.
What a bad start.
Since I'm in charge
of hunting Cursed Spirits,
I need to find them from the air first.
This is so troublesome.
I'm going to work hard.
I'm cute today, as usual.
Knock her down.
Oh, no!
Mai and Mechamaru, go help Nishimiya.
-Understood.
-Okay, we need her anyway.
Kamo.
Are you guys planning to kill Itadori?
Something is wrong.
Something is weird.
Kyoto team is moving as a whole.
They are around the area
we separated from Yuji.
Isn't everyone from Kyoto team there?
Is the target there?
No.
Unless the Grade 2 Cursed Spirit
is cunning,
the Divine Dog will detect it.
Are they trying to kill Itadori?
What's this? This is absurd.
It's possible.
Kelp.
It's that I didn't feel hostility
from them,
but that was before Yuji's
survival surprise.
It's possible if that was
Principal Gakuganji's instruction.
Is Kyoto team a group of cowards
who will obey orders to kill people?
Our perceptions are different.
You lived with Yuji before.
We only just knew that he's a good guy.
He's cheerful,
and that's rare among Jujutsu Sorcerers.
However,
for those who don't know Yuji,
Sukuna's vessel is a scary existence.
It's similar to exorcising curses.
It's easy for Jujutsu Sorcerers
to cross the line in the first place.
Megumi, let's go back.
I'm sorry.
What are you apologizing for?
If our comrade dies,
what's the point
of winning the Goodwill Event?
Nobara and I will go confirm
Yuji's safety.
He's not answering his phone.
Toge will carry on to hunt Cursed Spirits.
Bonito flakes.
I know you're worried about Yuji too.
But if my guess is right,
they're trying to assassinate Yuji
in the chaos of team battle.
There won't be any assassination
if the team battle ends.
I see.
Salmon.
I'm worried about Maki, too.
We can't let them kill Yuji,
and we'll win the team battle.
Of course.
Answer the call once it rings, Fushiguro!
Speaking of which, why didn't the school
provide a radio or Bluetooth headset?
I don't want it.
It's distracting
and I'll be shocked when it rings.
Just take it off during the battle!
That hurt.
So that's Fushiguro's Nue…
The wings are electrified.
It will affect my movements temporarily.
-Nishimiya!
-Let's play.
So uncultivated and not cute.
Kamo, are you guys trying to kill Itadori?
What if I say yes?
You failed.
Itadori won't be killed so easily.
We have no reason to kill him.
There is a reason.
At least, the higher-ups
and the Big Three Sorcerer Family do.
What great endurance.
He also takes advantage
of the terrain actively!
He's gone.
He also follows up
with the next attack quickly.
The best part is…
this amazing power!
This tiny body has stronger power than me.
So he can cause a blow
with a small amount of cursed energy.
So it's difficult to predict his actions
from the cursed energy flow!
However, this delayed cursed energy…
Only this…
It's wrong!
Was that Todo?
I guess so.
I vaguely understand
why you can't get rid of Yuji.
So why did you separate from Noritoshi?
Are you hiding your cursed techniques
from your own people?
I'm sorry about Itadori.
It may sound like an excuse,
but I'm not like the others.
However, I don't intend
to let you guys win the Goodwill Event.
RECOMMENDATION
You know a Jujutsu Sorcerer's promotion
depends on recommendations, right?
Even Jujutsu Sorcerers
with no direct contact
will know about the Goodwill Event.
Students who stand out
in the Goodwill Event
have a higher chance for promotion
during the schooling period.
By the way, you can't recommend
your own students.
For example, Mr. Gojo
can't recommend Itadori to Grade 1.
I want to be independent
as soon as possible and earn a living.
Why?
Because I'm poor.
And I have two younger brothers!
Are you okay?
Are you getting along with Mai?
Aren't you being too nice?
What?
I guess.
I won't go easy on you.
No problem.
I'm not saying this
to make you show mercy.
My friend.
That delayed cursed energy
is your bad habit!
You mean the Divergent Fist?
What's with this guy?
You can never beat me
so long as you're satisfied with this.
We're no longer best friends
if you're satisfied with this level.
Are you fine with that?
What should I do? I'm okay with that.
-Are you fine staying this weak?
-What?
I'm not.
Right?
My best friend!
-Juju Stroll!
QUESTION
WHAT KIND OF PERSON DO YOU LIKE?
Someone that's at least stronger than me.
What?
Why should I tell you?
I hate guys that are good-for-nothings,
poor, stinky, petty, and dead.
Do you know Sebastian Stan?
He has a great body.
Well, it's normal to like handsome guys.
I mean it's fun to be
with someone like him.
But more importantly,
he has to make me feel that
he's the only one for me!
What?
Oh, my! You're making me embarrassed!
Well…
You see, well…
What was it again?
Well…
You know…
That one who looks nice.
The one with the unique bangs. Come on.
You know, right?
Someone who looks nice…
Oh, Miwa?
That's right!